# Future Dairy

"Qi has been convenient more than I thought. I go home with my phone, watch, tablets, and even laptops place on a table with Qi quick charge. I only need to turn on the switch then the table will be the in the charing mode, when I don't need to charge them, I can just turn the switch off, the table is just a table. I can even connect my Qi table and my devices so that I can charge the specific devices. The Qi table is very safe as well. I am a 3-year-old boy's father, my boy is naughty and he just can't stop. It's not a bad thing when he's not hurting himself, or breaking something. I remember when I was a child, I spilled the juice on the table and broke my father's charing iPhone, even though it's a waterproof phone. With the wireless charing, Qi, I don't have to worry about it, I just need to protect the main power on the wall. Not only the mobile devices, but also the housing appliances, such as vacuum cleaner, electronic toothbrushes, my wife's facial cleaner, or even machines like electronic powered cars and electric bicycle, they all  support Qi."


"I don't really think the widely wireless charing is a good thing. The cancellation of 3.5mm audio port is already so inconvenient, why those companies moved the charging port as well？ Some people just like to play their phone while they're charging, with the Qi chargers, I have to hold the charger and my phone at the same time, and they are so easily fall on my face. Some phones has magnet in them. Think about when you want to pull out your phone, but in the end you pull out all your keys and coins and everything on you that is magnetic. Or when the magnetic pole is reversed, you need to keep your chargers out of everything that is magnetic. I just don't like it." 
